---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cdp_aws_datahub Resource - terraform-provider-cdp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates an AWS Data hub cluster.
---

# cdp_aws_datahub (Resource)

Creates an AWS Data hub cluster.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_definition` (String) The name of the cluster definition.
- `cluster_template` (String) The name of the cluster template.
- `environment` (String) The name of the environment where the cluster will belong to.
- `name` (String) The name of the cluster.

### Optional

- `instance_group` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_group))

### Read-Only

- `crn` (String) The CRN of the cluster.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--instance_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_group`

Required:

- `attached_volume_configuration` (Attributes List) Configuration regarding the attached volume to the specific instance group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_group--attached_volume_configuration))
- `instance_group_name` (String) The name of the instance group.
- `instance_group_type` (String) The type of the instance group.
- `instance_type` (String) The cloud provider-side instance type.
- `node_count` (Number) The cluster node count. Has to be greater or equal than 0 and less than 100,000.
- `recovery_mode` (String) The type of the recovery mode.
- `root_volume_size` (Number) The size of the root volume in GB
- `volume_encryption` (Attributes) The volume encryption related configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_group--volume_encryption))

Optional:

- `recipes` (Set of String) The set of recipe names that are going to be applied on the given instance group.

<a id="nestedatt--instance_group--attached_volume_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_group.attached_volume_configuration`

Required:

- `volume_count` (Number) The number of volumes to be attached.
- `volume_size` (Number) The size of the volume in GB.
- `volume_type` (String) The - cloud provider - type of the volume.


<a id="nestedatt--instance_group--volume_encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_group.volume_encryption`

Required:

- `encryption` (Boolean)


