---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cdp_cloudprivatelinks_private_link_endpoint Resource - CDP"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a Private Link endpoint for CDP services.
---

# cdp_cloudprivatelinks_private_link_endpoint (Resource)

Creates a Private Link endpoint for CDP services.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud_service_provider` (String) The cloud service provider. Accepted values are AWS and AZURE.

### Optional

- `aws_account_details` (Attributes) AWS account details for the Private Link endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aws_account_details))
- `azure_account_details` (Attributes) Azure account details for the Private Link endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_account_details))
- `enable_private_dns` (Boolean) Whether to enable private DNS for the endpoint.
- `resource_tags` (Attributes List) Custom tags for cloud resources created during Private Links creation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_tags))
- `service_group` (String) The service group for the Private Link endpoint.

### Read-Only

- `endpoint_statuses` (Attributes List) Statuses of the Private Link endpoints after creation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoint_statuses))
- `tracking_id` (String) Tracking ID of the create endpoint request.

<a id="nestedatt--aws_account_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_account_details`

Optional:

- `cloud_account_id` (String) AWS account ID to authorize access for Private Link.
- `credential_crn` (String) CDP Credential CRN to fetch the AWS cross-account RoleArn. Either this or `cross_account_role_details` must be provided.
- `cross_account_role_details` (Attributes) Cross-account role details. Either this or `credential_crn` must be provided. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aws_account_details--cross_account_role_details))
- `region` (String) AWS region in which the VPC exists.
- `subnet_ids` (List of String) IDs of the private subnets in which the Private Link should be created.
- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID in which the Private Link endpoint should be created.

<a id="nestedatt--aws_account_details--cross_account_role_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_account_details.cross_account_role_details`

Optional:

- `cross_account_role` (String) Cross-account role ARN.
- `external_id` (String) External ID associated with the cross-account role.



<a id="nestedatt--azure_account_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_account_details`

Optional:

- `azure_client_secret_credential` (Attributes) Azure client secret credential. Either this or `credential_crn` must be provided. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_account_details--azure_client_secret_credential))
- `credential_crn` (String) CDP Credential CRN to fetch the Azure client secret credentials. Either this or `azure_client_secret_credential` must be provided.
- `location` (String) Azure location where the endpoint should be created.
- `resource_group` (String) The resource group under which the private endpoint is to be created.
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the private subnet in which the Private Link should be created.
- `subscription_id` (String) The Azure subscription ID for which the Private Link service is to be allowed/accessible.
- `vnet_id` (String) vNet ID in which the Private Link should be created.

<a id="nestedatt--azure_account_details--azure_client_secret_credential"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_account_details.azure_client_secret_credential`

Optional:

- `client_id` (String) The client (application) ID of the service principal.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) A client secret for the App Registration.
- `tenant_id` (String) The Azure AD tenant ID of the service principal.



<a id="nestedatt--resource_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_tags`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--endpoint_statuses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoint_statuses`

Read-Only:

- `creation_timestamp` (String)
- `dns_names` (List of String)
- `endpoint_id` (String)
- `error` (String)
- `service_component` (String)
- `status` (String)
