---
page_title: "cdp_datalake_azure_datalake Resource - terraform-provider-cdp"
subcategory: "datalake"
description: |-
  A Data Lake is a service which provides a protective ring around the data stored in a cloud object store, including authentication, authorization, and governance support.
---

# cdp_datalake_azure_datalake (Resource)

A Data Lake is a service which provides a protective ring around the data stored in a cloud object store, including authentication, authorization, and governance support.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `datalake_name` (String)
- `environment_name` (String)
- `managed_identity` (String)
- `storage_location_base` (String)

### Optional

- `database_type` (String) The type of the azure database. FLEXIBLE_SERVER is the next generation managed PostgreSQL service in Azure that provides maximum flexibility over your database, built-in cost-optimizations. SINGLE_SERVER is a fully managed database service with minimal requirements for customizations of the database.
- `enable_ranger_raz` (Boolean)
- `flexible_server_delegated_subnet_id` (String) This  argument  allows  you  to specify the subnet ID for the subnet within which you want to configure your Azure Flexible Server.
- `image` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--image))
- `java_version` (Number)
- `load_balancer_sku` (String) Represents the Azure load balancer SKU type. The current default  is BASIC. To disable the load balancer, use type NONE. Possible values: BASIC, STANDARD, NONE
- `multi_az` (Boolean) Creates CDP datalake distributed across multiple availability  zones in an Azure region.
- `polling_options` (Attributes) Polling related configuration options that could specify various values that will be used during CDP resource creation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--polling_options))
- `recipes` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--recipes))
- `runtime` (String)
- `scale` (String)
- `tags` (Map of String)

### Read-Only

- `certificate_expiration_state` (String)
- `creation_date` (String)
- `crn` (String)
- `environment_crn` (String)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (String)
- `status_reason` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `image`

Required:

- `id` (String)

Optional:

- `catalog` (String)
- `os` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--polling_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `polling_options`

Optional:

- `async` (Boolean) Boolean value that specifies if Terraform should wait for resource creation/deletion.
- `call_failure_threshold` (Number) Threshold value that specifies how many times should a single call failure happen before giving up the polling.
- `polling_timeout` (Number) Timeout value in minutes that specifies for how long should the polling go for resource creation/deletion.


<a id="nestedatt--recipes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recipes`

Required:

- `instance_group_name` (String) The name of the designated instance group.
- `recipe_names` (Set of String) The set of recipe names that are going to be applied on the given instance group.