---
page_title: "cdp_datahub_gcp_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-cdp"
subcategory: "datahub"
description: |-
  Creates an GCP Data hub cluster.
---

# cdp_datahub_gcp_cluster (Resource)

Creates an GCP Data hub cluster.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_name` (String) The name of the environment where the cluster will belong to.
- `name` (String) The name of the cluster.

### Optional

- `cluster_definition_name` (String) The name of the cluster definition.
- `cluster_extension` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cluster_extension))
- `cluster_template_name` (String) The name of the cluster template.
- `custom_configurations_name` (String) The name of the custom configurations to use for cluster creation.
- `datahub_database` (String) Database type for datahub. Currently supported values: NONE, NON_HA, HA
- `destroy_options` (Attributes) Cluster deletion options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destroy_options))
- `image` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--image))
- `instance_group` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_group))
- `java_version` (Number) Configure the major version of Java on the cluster.
- `polling_options` (Attributes) Polling related configuration options that could specify various values that will be used during CDP resource creation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--polling_options))
- `request_template` (String) JSON  template  to  use for cluster creation. This is different from cluster template and would be removed in the future.
- `subnet_name` (String) The subnet name.
- `tags` (Map of String)

### Read-Only

- `crn` (String) The CRN of the cluster.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (String) The last known state of the cluster

<a id="nestedatt--cluster_extension"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_extension`

Optional:

- `custom_properties` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--destroy_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destroy_options`

Optional:

- `force_delete_cluster` (Boolean) An indicator that will take place once the cluster termination will be performed. If it is true, that means if something would go sideways during termination, the operation will proceed, however in such a case no notification would come thus it is advisable to check the cloud provider if there are no leftover resources once the destroy is finished.


<a id="nestedatt--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `image`

Required:

- `id` (String)

Optional:

- `catalog` (String)
- `os` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--instance_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_group`

Required:

- `attached_volume_configuration` (Attributes List) Configuration regarding the attached volume to the specific instance group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_group--attached_volume_configuration))
- `instance_group_name` (String) The name of the instance group.
- `instance_group_type` (String) The type of the instance group.
- `instance_type` (String) The cloud provider-side instance type.
- `node_count` (Number) The cluster node count. Has to be greater or equal than 0 and less than 100,000.
- `recovery_mode` (String) The type of the recovery mode.
- `root_volume_size` (Number) The size of the root volume in GB

Optional:

- `recipes` (Set of String) The set of recipe names that are going to be applied on the given instance group.

<a id="nestedatt--instance_group--attached_volume_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_group.attached_volume_configuration`

Required:

- `volume_count` (Number) The number of volumes to be attached.
- `volume_size` (Number) The size of the volume in GB.
- `volume_type` (String) The - cloud provider - type of the volume.



<a id="nestedatt--polling_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `polling_options`

Optional:

- `polling_timeout` (Number) Timeout value in minutes that specifies for how long should the polling go for resource creation/deletion.