---
page_title: "cdp_df_service Resource - terraform-provider-cdp"
subcategory: "DataFlow"
description: |-
  Enables a CDP DataFlow service on a given CDP environment. The service manages the underlying Kubernetes cluster and allows deploying NiFi flow deployments.
---

# cdp_df_service (Resource)

Enables a CDP DataFlow service on a given CDP environment. The service manages the underlying Kubernetes cluster and allows deploying NiFi flow deployments.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Copyright 2025 Cloudera. All Rights Reserved.
//
// This file is licensed under the Apache License Version 2.0 (the "License").
// You may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
// You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.
//
// This file is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS
// OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. Refer to the License for the specific
// permissions and limitations governing your use of the file.

terraform {
  required_providers {
    cdp = {
      source = "cloudera/cdp"
    }
  }
}

resource "cdp_df_service" "example" {
  environment_crn          = "crn:cdp:environments:us-west-1:tenant:environment:my-env-id"
  min_k8s_node_count       = 3
  max_k8s_node_count       = 10
  use_public_load_balancer = true

  tags = {
    "team" = "data-engineering"
    "env"  = "production"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_crn` (String) The CDP environment CRN.
- `max_k8s_node_count` (Number) The maximum number of Kubernetes nodes that the service may scale up to.
- `min_k8s_node_count` (Number) The minimum number of Kubernetes nodes needed for the service.
- `use_public_load_balancer` (Boolean) Whether to use a public load balancer when deploying dependencies stack.

### Optional

- `cluster_subnets` (List of String) Subnets to use for the Kubernetes cluster.
- `instance_type` (String) Custom instance type to be used.
- `kube_api_authorized_ip_ranges` (List of String) The IP ranges authorized to connect to the Kubernetes API server.
- `load_balancer_authorized_ip_ranges` (List of String) IP ranges authorized to access DF local endpoints.
- `load_balancer_subnets` (List of String) Subnets to use for the Load Balancer.
- `pod_cidr` (String) CIDR range from which to assign IPs to pods in the Kubernetes cluster.
- `polling_timeout` (Number) Timeout in seconds for polling the service status. Defaults to `3600` (1 hour).
- `private_cluster` (Boolean) Whether to provision a private Kubernetes cluster. Defaults to `false`.
- `service_cidr` (String) CIDR range from which to assign IPs to internal services in the Kubernetes cluster.
- `skip_preflight_checks` (Boolean) Whether to skip Liftie's pre-flight checks. Defaults to `false`.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags to apply to service-related resources.
- `terminate_deployments_on_disable` (Boolean) Whether to terminate all deployments when disabling the service. Defaults to `true`.
- `user_defined_routing` (Boolean) Whether User Defined Routing (UDR) mode is enabled for AKS clusters. Defaults to `false`.

### Read-Only

- `cloud_platform` (String) The cloud platform of the service.
- `crn` (String) The CRN of the DataFlow service.
- `id` (String) The ID of the service, same as the CRN.
- `name` (String) The name of the DataFlow service.
- `region` (String) The region of the service.
- `status` (String) The status of the DataFlow service.
- `status_message` (String) The status message of the DataFlow service.
- `workload_version` (String) The workload version of the DataFlow service.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import cdp_df_service.example <service-crn>
```
