---
page_title: "cdp_environments_azure_environment Resource - terraform-provider-cdp"
subcategory: "environments"
description: |-
  The environment is a logical entity that represents the association of your user account with multiple compute resources using which you can provision and manage workloads.
---

# cdp_environments_azure_environment (Resource)

The environment is a logical entity that represents the association of your user account with multiple compute resources using which you can provision and manage workloads.

## Example Usage

```terraform
## Copyright 2023 Cloudera. All Rights Reserved.
#
# This file is licensed under the Apache License Version 2.0 (the "License").
# You may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.
#
# This file is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS
# OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. Refer to the License for the specific
# permissions and limitations governing your use of the file.

resource "cdp_environments_azure_credential" "example-cred" {
  credential_name = "example-cdp-azure-credential"
  subscription_id = "<value>"
  tenant_id       = "<value>"
  app_based = {
    application_id = "<value>"
    secret_key     = "<value>"
  }
  description = "Example Azure Credential"
}

resource "cdp_environments_azure_environment" "example-env" {
  environment_name = "example-cdp-azure-environment"
  credential_name  = cdp_environments_azure_credential.example-cred.credential_name
  region           = "<your-region>"
  security_access = {
    cidr = "0.0.0.0/0"
  }
  existing_network_params = {
    network_id          = "network-name"
    resource_group_name = "rg-name"
    subnet_ids          = ["<env-subnet-1>", "<env-subnet-2>", "<env-subnet-3>"]
  }
  public_key = "my-key"
  log_storage = {
    storage_location_base = "abfs://rgname-fs@rgname-storage.dfs.core.windows.net"
    managed_identity      = "/subscriptions/123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000/resourcegroups/my-rg/providers/Microsoft.ManagedIdentity/userAssignedIdentities/logger"
  }
  resource_group_name              = "rg-name"
  encryption_user_managed_identity = "some-identity"
  use_public_ip                    = true
  compute_cluster = {
    enabled = false
    configuration = {
      private_cluster               = false
      outbound_type                 = "udr"
      kube_api_authorized_ip_ranges = ["0.0.0.0/0"]
      worker_node_subnets           = ["<env-subnet-1>", "<env-subnet-2>", "<env-subnet-3>"]
    }
  }
}

output "credential" {
  value = cdp_environments_azure_credential.example-cred
}

output "environment" {
  value = cdp_environments_azure_environment.example-env
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `credential_name` (String) Name of the credential to use for the environment.
- `environment_name` (String) The name of the environment. Must contain only lowercase letters, numbers and hyphens.
- `existing_network_params` (Attributes) Request object for creating an Azure environment using existing VNet and subnets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--existing_network_params))
- `log_storage` (Attributes) Azure storage configuration for cluster and audit logs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_storage))
- `public_key` (String) Public SSH key string. The associated private key can be used to get root-level access to the Data Lake instance and Data Hub cluster instances.
- `region` (String) The region of the environment.
- `security_access` (Attributes) Security control configuration for FreeIPA and Datalake deployment. Choosing a CIDR will automatically create security groups. Alternatively existing security groups can be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_access))
- `use_public_ip` (Boolean) Whether to associate public ip's to the resources within the network.

### Optional

- `availability_zones` (Set of String) The zones of the environment in the given region.
- `cascading_delete` (Boolean, Deprecated)
- `compute_cluster` (Attributes) Option to set up Externalized compute cluster for the environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--compute_cluster))
- `create_private_endpoints` (Boolean) When this is enabled, then Azure Postgres will be configured with Private Endpoint and a Private DNS Zone. When this is disabled, then Azure Service Endpoints will be created. The default value is disabled.
- `custom_docker_registry` (Attributes) The desired custom docker registry for data services to be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_docker_registry))
- `data_services` (Attributes) Azure-specific Data Service parameters request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_services))
- `delete_options` (Attributes) Options for deleting the environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--delete_options))
- `description` (String) Description of the environment.
- `enable_outbound_load_balancer` (Boolean) Whether or not outbound load balancers should be created for Azure environments. The default behavior is to not create the outbound load balancer.
- `enable_tunnel` (Boolean) Whether to enable SSH tunneling for the environment.
- `encryption_at_host` (Boolean) When this is enabled, we will provision resources with host encrypted true flag.
- `encryption_key_resource_group_name` (String) Name of the existing Azure resource group hosting the Azure Key Vault containing customer managed key which will be used to encrypt the Azure Managed Disks. It is required only when the entitlement is granted and the resource group of the key vault is different from the resource group in which the environment is to be created. Omitting it implies that, the key vault containing the encryption key is present in the same resource group where the environment would be created.
- `encryption_key_url` (String) URL of the key which will be used to encrypt the Azure Managed Disks, if entitlement has been granted.
- `encryption_user_managed_identity` (String) User managed identity for encryption.
- `endpoint_access_gateway_scheme` (String) The scheme for the endpoint gateway. PUBLIC creates an external endpoint that can be accessed over the Internet. Defaults to PRIVATE which restricts the traffic to be internal to the VPC.
- `endpoint_access_gateway_subnet_ids` (Set of String) The subnets to use for endpoint access gateway.
- `environment_type` (String) Environment type which can be hybrid or public cloud. Available values: PUBLIC_CLOUD, HYBRID
- `flexible_server_subnet_ids` (Set of String) The subnets delegated for Flexible Server database. Accepts either the name or the full resource id.
- `freeipa` (Attributes) Request object for creating FreeIPA in the environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--freeipa))
- `polling_options` (Attributes) Polling related configuration options that could specify various values that will be used during CDP resource creation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--polling_options))
- `proxy_config_name` (String) Name of the proxy config to use for the environment.
- `resource_group_name` (String) Name of an existing Azure resource group to be used for the environment. If it is not specified then new resource groups will be generated.
- `security` (Attributes) Security related configuration for Data Hub cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security))
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags associated with the resources.
- `workload_analytics` (Boolean) When this is enabled, diagnostic information about job and query execution is sent to Workload Manager for Data Hub clusters created within this environment.

### Read-Only

- `crn` (String) The CRN of the environment.
- `id` (String) The id of the environment associated by Terraform
- `report_deployment_logs` (Boolean) [Deprecated] When true, this will report additional diagnostic information back to Cloudera.
- `status` (String) The current status of the environment.
- `status_reason` (String) The detailed status reason of the environment.

<a id="nestedatt--existing_network_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `existing_network_params`

Required:

- `network_id` (String) The id of the Azure VNet.
- `resource_group_name` (String) The name of the resource group associated with the VNet.
- `subnet_ids` (Set of String) One or more subnet ids within the VNet.

Optional:

- `aks_private_dns_zone_id` (String) The full Azure resource ID of an existing Private DNS zone used for the AKS.
- `database_private_dns_zone_id` (String) The full Azure resource ID of the existing Private DNS Zone used for Flexible Server and Single Server Databases.
- `flexible_server_subnet_ids` (Set of String) The subnets delegated for Flexible Server database. Accepts either the name or the full resource id.


<a id="nestedatt--log_storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_storage`

Required:

- `managed_identity` (String) The managed identity associated with the logger. This identity should have Storage Blob Data Contributor role on the given storage account.
- `storage_location_base` (String) The storage location to use. The location has to be in the following format abfs://filesystem@storage-account-name.dfs.core.windows.net. The filesystem must already exist and the storage account must be StorageV2.

Optional:

- `backup_storage_location_base` (String) The storage location to use. The location has to be in the following format abfs://filesystem@storage-account-name.dfs.core.windows.net. The filesystem must already exist and the storage account must be StorageV2.


<a id="nestedatt--security_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_access`

Optional:

- `cidr` (String) CIDR range which is allowed for inbound traffic. Either IPv4 or IPv6 is allowed.
- `default_security_group_id` (String) Security group where all other hosts are placed. Mutually exclusive with cidr.
- `default_security_group_ids` (Set of String) Security group IDs where all other hosts are placed. Mutually exclusive with CIDR.
- `security_group_id_for_knox` (String) Security group where Knox-enabled hosts are placed. Mutually exclusive with cidr.
- `security_group_ids_for_knox` (Set of String) Security group IDs where Knox-enabled hosts are placed. Mutually exclusive with CIDR.


<a id="nestedatt--compute_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compute_cluster`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean)

Optional:

- `configuration` (Attributes) The Externalized k8s configuration for the environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--compute_cluster--configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--compute_cluster--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compute_cluster.configuration`

Optional:

- `kube_api_authorized_ip_ranges` (Set of String) Kubernetes API authorized IP ranges in CIDR notation. Mutually exclusive with privateCluster.
- `outbound_type` (String) Customize cluster egress with defined outbound type in Azure Kubernetes Service. Possible value(s): udr
- `private_cluster` (Boolean) If true, creates private cluster. False, if not specified
- `worker_node_subnets` (Set of String) Specify subnets for Kubernetes Worker Nodes. If not specified, then the environment's subnet(s) will be used.



<a id="nestedatt--custom_docker_registry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_docker_registry`

Required:

- `crn` (String) The CRN of the desired custom docker registry for data services to be used.


<a id="nestedatt--data_services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_services`

Required:

- `shared_managed_identity` (String) User-assigned managed identity used by the AKS control plane.

Optional:

- `aks_private_dns_zone_id` (String) The full Azure resource ID of an existing Private DNS zone used for the AKS.


<a id="nestedatt--delete_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `delete_options`

Optional:

- `cascading` (Boolean) If true, all resources in the environment will be deleted.
- `forced` (Boolean) Force delete action removes CDP resources and may leave cloud provider resources running even if the deletion did not succeed.


<a id="nestedatt--freeipa"></a>
### Nested Schema for `freeipa`

Optional:

- `architecture` (String) CPU architecture of the FreeIPA instance. Can be either X86_64 or ARM64.
- `catalog` (String) Image catalog to use for FreeIPA image selection.
- `image_id` (String) Image ID to use for creating FreeIPA instances.
- `instance_count_by_group` (Number) The number of FreeIPA instances to create per group when creating FreeIPA in the environment
- `instance_type` (String) Custom instance type of FreeIPA instances.
- `multi_az` (Boolean) Flag that enables deployment of the FreeIPA in a multi-availability zone.
- `os` (String) The OS to use for creating FreeIPA instances.
- `recipes` (Set of String) The recipes for the FreeIPA cluster.

Read-Only:

- `instances` (Attributes Set) The instances of the FreeIPA cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--freeipa--instances))

<a id="nestedatt--freeipa--instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `freeipa.instances`

Read-Only:

- `availability_zone` (String) The availability zone of the instance.
- `discovery_fqdn` (String) The fully qualified domain name of the instance in the service discovery cluster.
- `instance_group` (String) The instance group that contains the instance.
- `instance_id` (String) The instance ID for the instance.
- `instance_status` (String) The status of the instance.
- `instance_status_reason` (String) The status reason for the instance.
- `instance_type` (String) The type of the instance (either GATEWAY or GATEWAY_PRIMARY).
- `instance_vm_type` (String) The VM type of the instance. Supported values depend on the cloud platform.
- `life_cycle` (String) The life cycle type for the instance (either NORMAL or SPOT).
- `private_ip` (String) The private IP of the instance.
- `public_ip` (String) The public IP of the instance.
- `ssh_port` (Number) The SSH port of the instance.
- `subnet_id` (String) The subnet ID of the instance.



<a id="nestedatt--polling_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `polling_options`

Optional:

- `async` (Boolean) Boolean value that specifies if Terraform should wait for resource creation/deletion.
- `call_failure_threshold` (Number) Threshold value that specifies how many times should a single call failure happen before giving up the polling.
- `polling_timeout` (Number) Timeout value in minutes that specifies for how long should the polling go for resource creation/deletion.


<a id="nestedatt--security"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security`

Optional:

- `se_linux` (String) Override default SELinux configuration which is PERMISSIVE by default. Available values: PERMISSIVE, ENFORCING